would you change now I think I think
this would be a very interesting
Malaysia yes is generous well that's
always good to be jammed out right at
this point I did once to miss material
that mistake again so welcome Vegas
anyway temperature outside is a million
recently and that's just standard so if
you live in like you guys living mr.
wall George miles so mad dogs and
englishmen is a song that no counseling
management direct midday Sun yeah
beautiful Vegas hasten if you live it
you get two cars just and your pretty
white no skin no tanning whatever the
thing is a mix of melanin whatever the
past what okay this to me is too easy
they could be strong and understandable
strap Trump into that chicken wouldn't
that be better wouldn't farmers prefer
to be woken up in the morning by chance
chicken
will actually wake up they just go ahead
don't kill Trump easy to learn the top
reason need a trauma cuz it's quite
tricky little Negro mouth and screaming
identify they put those weddings and it
makes different noise that I do that
with your mouth